---
title: Impressum
layout: Page
id: impressum
headline: Impressum
---
### Responsible for the content of the website
swiss-PVD Coating AG</br>
Archstrasse 38</br>
2540 Grenchen</br>
Switzerland</br>

[info@swiss-pvd-coating.ch](mailto:info@swiss-pvd-coating.ch)</br>
Telefon : +41 32 652 87 70</br>
Company No. CHE-112.582.555</br>

### Copyright
The copyright for all content on this website lies with swiss-PVD Coating AG.

### Disclaimer
All text and links have been carefully reviewed and are updated periodically. We constantly endeavour to provide correct and complete information on this website. However, we cannot guarantee or accept any liability for the completeness, topicality and correctness of the information provided by this website. We reserve the right at any time and without prior notice to amend the information on this website. All links to external providers were checked for accuracy at the time of their inclusion, nevertheless we assume no liability for contents and the availability of websites accessed via hyperlinks. Liability for illegal, incorrect or incomplete content and particularly for damage occurring as a result of the contents of linked website lies solely with the provider of the website accessed via the hyperlinks. It does not matter whether the damage is direct, indirect or of a financial nature, or any other damage resulting from loss of data, temporary unavailability of services or any other reasons.

### Data security
We can accept no liability for the security of data transferred via the Internet; especially when transferring data by e-mail, there is a risk of access by third parties. Use of the contact data published in the masthead by third parties for advertising purposes is hereby expressly forbidden. The operator reserves the explicit right to take legal action in the case of sent unsolicited promotional or informational materials. In the case that individual provisions or phrases of this disclaimer are or become invalid, the validity of the contents of the other provisions shall not be affected.

### Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses "cookies", small text files that are stored on your computer to allow your use of the website to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In the event of activation of the IP anonymisation on this website, however, your IP address will be previously truncated by Google in member states of the European Union or in other contracting parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services for the website operator linked to the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the context of Google Analytics will not be combined with other data by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software; we would point out that if you do so, you might not be able to make full use of all the functions on this website.  You can furthermore prevent the transmission of the data generated by the cookie related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) to Google and the processing of these data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following line. The latest link is [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).
Google Analytics terms: [https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html)
